#Insgesamt sind 63 Sätze mit verschiedenen Eigenschaften. 

#Anaphora

1- My sister has a friend. she loves him.
2- My brother has a new girlfriend.She is a student. 
3- i saw a man with a telescope. He was a doctor. 
4- John has always loved learning. He is a good student.
5- The task is simply too difficult.I should have known it. 
6- the music stopped, and that upset everyone.
7- Susan dropped the plate.It shattered loudly. 
8- The music was so loud that it couldn't be enjoyed.
9- The book was too heavy for her, so she put it down.
10- The concert was amazing. I'll never forget it")



#kataphora

1- because he is a good student, John has always loved learning.
2- A few weeks before he died, my father gave me an old cigar box filled with faded letters.
3- After he had received his orders, the soldier left the barracks.
4- because she has a telescope, the woman is a doctor.
5- If you want them, there are cookies in the kitchen.
6- If you want some, here's some parmesan cheese.
7- In their free time, the boys play video games. 
8- Despite her difficulty, Wilma came to understand the point.
9- If he wants to win the race, the runner needs to train harder.
10- Before she left for the party, the woman put on the dress she had bought last week.


#Gebundene Variablen (bound anaphors)
	
1- Every student has received his grade.
2- No student was upset with his grade.
3- The dancer hurt herself.
4- Every dancer brought her left arm forward.
5- every european country is dealing with financial problems due to inflation in its way.
6- Most computational linguists prefer their own parsers.
7- The child wondered to themselves what they wanted to be when they grew up
8- The students challenged themselves to finish the project by the end of the week.
9- The driver hit the curb and damaged the car itself.
10- One should always do their best.


#Koreferente Nominalphrasen

1- The project leader is refusing to help. The jerk thinks only of himself.
2- Some of our colleagues are going to be supportive. These kinds of people will earn our gratitude.
3- The head doctor makes big visits at hospital. This physician doesn't know any patients.
4- The teacher is coming next monday. This professor is finally coming back.
5- The teacher is coming next monday. The professor is finally coming back.


#gebundene Antezedenten

1- Eva and John said they like fish, but he prefers sushi. 
2- Alice and Bob said they like potatoes, but she prefers sushi.
3- Mary and Sam left the party. They arrived home together.
4- Arthur and Jacky are the best team, i think they will win, but he is better.
5- James met Annie. He greeted her. They went to the movies.


#Appositionen

1- John, my youngest brother, is a student.
2- United, a unit of UAL, matched the fares.
3- Victoria Chen, CFO of Megabucks Banking, saw ...
4- my sister, a doctor whose name is Alice Smith.
5- My sister, Alice Smith, likes jelly beans.

#Prädikative NPs

1- In United is a unit of UAL.
2- She was our friend.
3- That is an excuse.
4- Joe Biden is the President of the United State.


#Clefts

1- It was Emma Goldman who founded Mother Earth.
2- It was my sister who stole the cookies.
3- It was the rain that caused the cancellation of the game.
4- It was the concert last night that I enjoyed the most.


#Extrapositionen

1- It surprised me that there was a herring hanging on her wall.
2- I believe that it will rain tomorrow.
3- It seems that the new restaurant is very popular.
4- He suggested that we go to the park.


#Pleonastic

1- it is raining outside.
2- hit it of.
3- It seems that you are right.
4- There are a lot of people here today.


#lange Sätze

1- Victoria Chen, CFO of Megabucks Banking, saw her pay jump to $2.3 million, as the 38-year-old became the company’s president. 
It is widely known that she came to Megabucks from rival Lotsabucks

2- John is studying computational linguistics at „Heinrich-Heine-Universität”. His study course is very modern. He loves it. We are talking about him.")


